[SINGING IN JAPANESE]
RUKIA:
So tomorrow, I die.
It seems strange,
but even when I heard
that my execution
was set for tomorrow,
I wasn't sad.
It must because of
the dream I had last night.
That dream...
about the night
I can never forget.
MAN:
Please, wait in
here for a moment.
The lieutenant will
be here shortly.
Make yourself comfortable.
I, um--
Yes, what is it?
I'm just an ordinary
new member in the squad.
Please try to treat be
the same as everyone else here.
Oh, yes. Of course.
I'll try to keep it in mind.
[LAUGHS]
[SIGHS]
MAN:
Did you hear
about this new girl?
MAN 2:
Yeah, she's supposed
to be from the Kuchiki clan.
MAN 3:
Great, just what we need--
another captain's pet
getting treated better
than the rest of us.
MAN 4:
I heard she didn't even
have to pass the graduation
exam to get into the squad.
MAN:
What a joke.
And here we've got to
bust out butts just
to stay out of trouble.
MAN 2:
It's not fair,
but that's life.
RUKIA:
It's the same here
as everywhere else.
KAIEN:
Hey!
What are you lazy bums
doing hanging around here?
Get back to your posts,
all of you.
Hello, I'm Lieutenant
Kaien Shiba. Welcome aboard.
I see.
Yes, sir.
What did you just say?
What kind of greeting
is that supposed to be?
I am your commanding officer.
You are supposed
to state your name and say,
pleased to meet you sir.
What's your name, damn it?
Uh, it's Rukia Kuchiki, sir.
Hm? And?
And-- and I'm pleased
to meet your, sir!
All right.
You're okay, Rukia.
RUKIA:
A normal greeting.
A normal scolding.
A normal relationship between
officer and subordinate.
Welcome to Squad 13, the
best squad of them all.
Unfortunately, our captain
isn't in the best of health.
So I pretty much run
things around here.
In fact, it's not
a problem if now and then you
forgot and accidentally
addressed me as Captain Kaien.
Okay, I'll try to remember.
RUKIA:
After such a long,
strange road,
that sense of normalcy
was exactly what I wanted.
RUKIA:
Lord Byakuya, my entrance to
Squad 13 today was successful.
What seat where you named?
Uh, well, my deepest
apologies, brother.
But with my abilities,
I wasn't able to qualify
for an officer seed upon entry.
I see.
You may go.
Ah, not the long face again. Now
what?
[GASPS]
And why is it you
practically jump out
of your skin every
time you see me?
You're hurting
my feelings.
Anyway, I brought this for you.
So drink up.
Oh.
KAIEN:
Knowing you, you probably
won't tell me anything.
But I have to ask.
What's got you so depressed?
Oh.
Just remember this.
As long as you're a part
of this squad, Rukia,
I will stand by you even
if it costs me my life.
Lieutenant--
Ah, yeah!
Smells like love.
Oh, you're so cool,
Lieutenant.
I just love
a man in uniform.
Did you hear that?
I'll stand by you?
You've got him wrapped
around your little finger--
Kiyone, Sentaro,
shut up, you two!
How dare you show up
for duty drunk again?
[SLURRING]:
Don't let it get to you,
Rukia.
I'm from the slums too,
so I know what it's like.
All of these snobs telling me
I'm low class really
gets annoying.
Whenever they try, just do like
I do and flick a booger at 'em.
Works every time.
Now that's class!
SENTARO:
Right!
All right! That's enough out
of you two loudmouths.
Sober up and get
back to your post!
[SPUTTERING]
We were just having fun.
You're such a killjoy!
[LAUGHING]
[ARGUING]
Kaien always had a way
of making me feel at ease.
KAIEN:
...file a report!
[ROARS]
Die, Hollow!
Well done, Lieutenant!
Excellent!
Make quick work of that.
Just like you always do!
KAIEN:
All right.
Mission accomplished!
[CHATTERING]
I hurt myself.
Huh?
Ms. Miyako.
Are you all right?
[NERVOUSLY]:
Oh, yes.
Yes, it was nothing.
Thank you.
Oh, good.
I was worried for a second.
KAIEN:
Hey! Who's that?
Is that you, Miyako?
I wasn't expecting you.
How long have you been here?
Oh, I've been here
a little while--
long enough to see you
take care of the Hollow.
I just came in
case you messed it up
and needed me to save you.
[LAUGHS]
Well, at least it's nice
to know you have my back.
[LAUGHS]
Rukia, go alert the squad.
Have Sentaro and Kiyone help.
Tell them that
we're pulling out.
Yes, sir.
And thank you for
helping me, Ms. Miyako.
[LAUGHS]
You take care of yourself now.
Yes, I will.
RUKIA:
Miyako was
Captain Kaien's wife.
She had risen quickly to
the rank of third seed officer
in the squad.
Not only was she
a strong warrior,
she was intelligent,
kind, and beautiful.
She was my idol.
I admired her so much.
I hoped some day I
could be like her.
Then one day,
Miyako received orders
to lead a
reconnaissance mission.
Unfortunately, this Hollow
is an unknown entity.
And none of the Soul
Reapers it's attacked
have survived to report back.
Don't be reckless.
You'd have to admit, that's some
pretty unusual advice
coming from someone
like you, Lieutenant.
[LAUGHS]
KAIEN:
Quit joking around.
It's all right.
I take my mission
as a Soul Reaper very seriously.
And this Hollow's
horrible crimes
cannot be allowed
to continue.
I'll do whatever I can to
put a stop to such evil.
Ms. Miyako.
Oh, don't worry about me.
This is just a recon mission.
We'll gather all the information
and leave all the heavy stuff
to you and the Lieutenant.
Recon team, let's move out.
[TOGETHER]:
Right.
[COUGHING]
Do you need anything,
Captain?
No, thanks.
I'll be fine.
RUKIA:
Excuse me.
Rukia, is there any report yet
from the reconnaissance team?
I'm afraid not, sir.
They still haven't returned.
[FOOTSTEPS]
Sir, the recon team--
there's bad news!
[ALL GASP]
[GASPS]
Miyako!
She's unconscious now, but
her life isn't in any danger.
And the others?
The others
are all dead, sir.
All four of them?
RUKIA:
Kaien.
We've had our share
of bad luck lately.
Yeah, I can't believe
the whole reconnaissance
team got wiped
out like that.
Except for Ms. Miyako,
that is.
MAN:
How is she?
Is she gonna be all right?
MAN 2:
Yeah, they said
her life's not in danger.
MAN:
Well, that's good.
She's one person the squad
really couldn't do without.
MAN 2:
Yeah.
Huh? Ms. Miyako, should you
be out of bed so soon?
[SHOUTING]
MAN:
Miyako! Agh!
[SHOUTS]
What's going on?
[LAUGHS]
Ms. Miyako?
SENTARO:
What happened here?
This is horrible!
Stop it, Miyako!
[GASPING]
[MAN GROANS]
[SHOUTING]
Kaien, hurry.
I can't believe
she did this.
RUKIA:
Oh, Kaien.
KAIEN:
Let me go after her,
Captain.
She couldn't have
gotten very far, sir.
No, don't.
Think about it, Kaien.
Following her is exactly what
the enemy wants you to do.
KAIEN:
That may be.
But it's still
the only option.
This monster that's
controlling Miyako
used her to kill her own
men, men who trusted her.
Miyako's honor has been defiled.
You must let me go, Captain.
UKITAKE:
Very well.
I shall go with you.
[GASPING]
You, Captain?
Mm.
You come too, Rukia.
Yes, sir.
You two-- seal off this area
and call the squad
to battle stations.
[TOGETHER]
Understood, sir.
SENTARO:
Let's go!
HOLLOW:
I smell more prey
approaching--
more foolish meat.
RUKIA:
What is that?
UKITAKE:
Kaien.
Huh?
I'll go first, sir.
I'll scout out what
its abilities are.
Huh?
KAIEN:
Captain, I beg of you.
Permission to go fight it alone.
Go.
[LAUGHS]
So you're the first, eh?
You're nothing but a boy.
KAIEN:
Tell me,
how many Soul Reapers
have you devoured so far?
Uh, how many?
[LAUGHS]
Sorry, boy.
I don't keep track
of such trivial things.
Have you ever, even once,
had any regrets about it?
That's such a stupid question.
I have a heart, you know,
just like you.
There isn't a single night
that I don't have regrets
after eating a Soul Reaper.
Even now I'm having regrets
about that woman Soul Reaper.
I regret not eating
the rest of her!
[LAUGHS]
So you controlled her
and made her kill her comrades?
Controlled her?
[LAUGHS]
Oh, not the way
you're imagining.
I was actually inside her body,
then I ate my way out of her
and returned
to the form you see now.
Too bad you didn't
get to see that part.
[LAUGHS]
Want to see what
it's like for yourself?
Come on, boy.
I'll eat you too!
[GROANS]
You're fast,
but not fast enough.
Rankle the seas and the skies,
Nejibana!
What the hell?
You fell for it, boy.
Once every night,
the first one to touch tentacles
will see his
Zanpakuto destroyed!
[SHOUTS]
Impossible. I've never
heard of such a power.
Kaien, get away!
Captain, Kaien
has been disarmed.
We have to help him.
But if we were to
step in now, what
would become of Kaien's pride.
Even if by going to
his aid you are somehow
successful in saving his
life, the cost of such an act
would certainly be the death
of his pride forever.
That doesn't make any
sense at all, Captain.
What good is pride
to a man if he's dead.
Listen now,
and remember these words.
There are two kinds of battles.
And those of us who have
chosen to be warriors
and to fight those
battles must always
be aware of the difference
between the two.
There are battles that are
fought to protect lives,
and there are battles that
are fought to defend honor.
Right now, Kaien is fighting
with all his heart and soul
to defend honor--
that of his men who died,
and his own honor,
and above all,
his beloved wife's honor.
[GROWLING]
[LAUGHS]
What's the matter Soul Reaper?
Too full of yourself to ask
your friends to help you?
Shut up.
I don't need a sword or anything
else to handle scum like you.
We'll see about that.
Because now I'm
going to do unto you
just as I did unto your
beloved and delicious wife.
I'm going to play you like
a puppet from the inside.
And against your will,
you'll slay your comrades
with your own hand.
[LAUGHS]
Lieutenant Kaien?
HOLLOW:
Yes, what is it, girl?
What do you want?
[GASPS]
[SLURPS]
Lieutenant Kaien?
HOLLOW:
What is with you, girl?
Why do you keep repeating
my name again and again?
Are you that worried about me?
Or maybe you're in love with me!
[GASPS]
[LAUGHS]
I guess if you really
love me that much,
then maybe I should
eat you first!
Captain.
UKITAKE:
Rukia, get out of here.
Huh?
Get out of here!
Run away, now!
Why, why did this
have to happen?
[SOBBING]
Kaien!
HOLLOW:
Why I you attacking me,
Soul Reaper?
I think I know what
you're waiting for.
You're trying to think of a way
to rip me out of this body,
so you can still
save your friend.
Isn't that right?
But this is different
from human possession.
We are both spirit beings,
and now our spirits are united.
It can never be undone.
[HOLLOW GROANS]
UKITAKE:
I see.
Then you leave me no choice.
I'll kill his body
and you inside it.
HOLLOW:
Are you insane?
What kind of a Soul Reaper
would slay one of his own men?
Kaien no longer exists.
I won't let his body become food
for a monster like you.
Now die!
Coward!
[COUGHING]
UKITAKE:
Now, of all times.
Rukia!
You were supposed to get
away from here, you idiot!
RUKIA:
I don't know
what made me go back.
I didn't have a plan.
[HOLLOW LAUGHING]
Rukia!
[HOLLOW GROWLS]
KAIEN:
My captain--
[GASPS]
KAIEN:
--thank you
for understanding
and for letting me
fight to the end.
RUKIA:
But Kaien, does that mean you--
KAIEN:
Rukia, I apologize to you
for getting you involved
in all of this in
the first place.
I know this was painful.
But thanks to you, I'm saved.
Now I can still
leave my heart here.
RUKIA:
No, I haven't done anything
deserving of anyone's thanks.
I ran away because
I was afraid to fight.
[RUKIA SOBBING]
Then I ran back.
But it was only
because I couldn't
stand to see you suffer.
The only one I saved
was myself.
I'm not worth
shedding blood over.
Not ever.
UKITAKE: Byakuya!
[FOOTSTEPS]
The execution--
it's been moved!
Yes, to tomorrow.
Well, what are you
going to do about it?
Why should I do
anything about it?
Huh?
Are you serious?
The date has been set.
If that is the decision
and the order,
then there is nothing
to do but to head it.
Don't bother me again
with such petty matters.
Excuse me.
Well, wait just a minute!
This is not some stranger.
Your sister's life
is at stake here.
If someone doesn't do something,
she's likely to die!
[COUGHING]
You should be careful.
You'll only shorten
your life, Ukitake.
Having already lost
your lieutenant,
I wouldn't think losing
one more would matter.
In any case,
Rukia is a member of my house.
As such,
whether she lives or dies
is none of your business.
I trust you'll refrain from
taking any reckless action.
[♪♪♪]
♪ Happypeople ♪
♪ Come on, come on
Come on ♪
♪ Happypeople ♪
♪ Here we go ♪
♪ Everybody stand up ♪
[SINGING IN JAPANESE]
♪ Keep your head right up ♪
♪ To the sky ♪
[SINGING IN JAPANESE]
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ Just call me any time ♪
[SINGING IN JAPANESE]
♪ Happypeople's in the house ♪
♪ Well... ♪
♪ Happypeople ♪
♪ In the house ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ Happypeople ♪
♪ Mmm, happy ♪
SENTARO:
I'm so devoted
to Captain Ukitake,
I'd follow him anywhere!
KIYONE:
Give it up, Sentaro!
I'm way more devoted
to the captain than you!
SENTARO:
Oh yeah? Well--
well I stalk the captain 24/7.
KIYONE:
Well, I check his schedule
and get where
he's going even before he does.
SENTARO:
Wait a minute.
Is that even legal?